Adding note on how to handle casing of SPIFFE IDs (#130)
spiffe/spiffe: standards/SPIFFE-ID.md

All URI components contribute to the URI length, including the "spiffe" scheme, "://" separator, trust domain name, and path component. Non-ASCII characters contribute to the URI length after they are percent encoded as ASCII characters. Note that [RFC 3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986) defines a maximum length of 255 characters for the "host" component of a URI; therefore a maximum length of a trust domain name is 255 bytes.

### 2.4. SPIFFE ID Parsing

> SPIFFE IDs follow the URI specification as defined by [RFC 3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986). The schema and trust domain name of the SPIFFE ID is case-insensitive. The path is case-sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPIFFE IDs follow the URI specification as defined by [RFC 3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986). The scheme and trust domain name of the SPIFFE ID are case-insensitive. The path is case-sensitive.
```
